[Music]
Hello everyone. In this video, you want
to create Squid Game final game map.
In the season 3, it's look like this.
Okay, we have those cylinder
uh triangle and this square. You can get
it when you watch the series. Okay, this
kind of ground
kind of walls.
Okay.
And we have some lighting after that.
Hello guys. In this video, I want to
create the Squid Game final the season 3
final episodes map.
Okay. This is the map of the players. We
have a square,
triangle, and cylinder. Okay. I want to
remake this one. And want to remake this
and the ground. Okay, first thing first,
let's minimize this one. Open the
editor. Go to games. Third person
project name Squid Game.
Now it's done the first part. Now to go
here to file, new level, set basic
level.
After that we have to go here.
Delete this one. Create landscape.
Hit create.
Now let's go here and save current level
map 01.
Now minimize this. When I go to Blender
once it's opened click general delete
all of those
and let's create the triangle.
Go here to mesh cylinder.
Once it's clicked, go down right here.
Vertices set to three.
Select this
and let's go here to the export file.
Export export as FPX file.
Select
desktop
and triangular
3. FBX
name it selected mesh.
Apply on it. Okay. Geometry. with the
geometry
face only.
Apply modifiers
and hit export.
After that, return here to the engine
and let's export this. Drag
drag this here. Hit import.
is a triangle. Okay.
The second thing is this square.
Okay. How to make this?
I want to make approximately
not the same. Okay. Because it takes
some times to create the origin. Okay.
Go here to the cube.
Select tab
face mode.
And before that we have to go to object
S for scaling
S X make here.
Now select
tab edit mode face mode. Select this
face. Go here.
E
extruded.
Fine. Return here. Tab object mode.
Select this.
Hit export FBX
and rename this one cube or C.
After add mesh. Okay. Apply all of
those.
Go down to geometry.
modifier export as FBX.
Now we are done from this. Let's create
those one
the cylinder and this one.
Before you do that, we have to go here
content drawer.
Drag this right here.
Now
let's begin to create the scene.
Let's go here third person.
Let's add the character reference
and let's go here.
Shape play cube.
Press R.
Make the cube right here.
Go up.
Press W.
And let's go here and add my character
reference.
Make her first.
Let's go here.
Okay, let's make it bigger.
R
here.
Want to add the material later.
Before we do that, we have to go here.
Now, let's add this drink.
triangle.
I rotate it.
Okay. Now, now cylinder
go here. Shape.
Select this cylinder.
[Music]
and make it right here.
Go down.
Okay, I think it's good.
Okay, right now let's make the material.
We have a problem with this material.
Want to create new material.
Triangle
mat.
Open this material. To add this
material, we have to go here
to chrome
and search for color picker. Get the
color from image.
Use your image by image reference.
Okay, let's begin the vert. The first
one begin by trying this one. Copy this
hex color
and let's go here. Constant
three vector.
Paste.
connect to the bisc
apply.
Drag this one
the material.
Okay, fine. Now, let's move to the
cylinder.
Select the cylinder.
Go here to the element.
Go right here
and it's add picle
X
[Music]
paste.
multiply.
Now we have problem with this color.
Okay, let's make it only. Let's make
another material
cube. Mat
for the cube material. Want to go here.
Pick this color
constantly.
Okay.
and drag this material right here.
Okay, the first part is done.
After that, we have to add the ground.
To do that, we have to go here to add
add storage back blue.
Select this one. Start content.
Okay, fine. Close this
starter content material.
Select this. Selected in the skin. Once
it's selected, let's go down.
Select this and go right here. This is
the ground.
Okay. Save all.
After that we want to add this one
in the image this cubes. Okay. After the
ground we want to add those.
Okay. To do that we have to go here and
let's create new material. Go to content
material for that.
Uh this is the basic way we and add
another way simple
uh by going and create landscape uh
material instance. Okay. Okay. To create
this new material
we have first of all we have to go here
to the image color picker. Want to pick
this color.
It's not black.
kind of gray like this.
Okay, let's go here. Constant
three vector.
Copy this color
basic.
Hit apply.
Now return here the map and let's see.
Let's open this.
Change the speed of the camera.
Okay.
Selected
and to duplicate this.
Okay. I want to speed the video to save
time.
This take is a lot of time.
[Music]
Okay. Now let's add the plane.
To do that we have to go here.
The shape is
plane.
Okay. Rotate this plane
180°.
Select it. Delete the first one.
Select the second one. And scale it.
Make it right here.
I want to cover all the area.
Okay, let's see.
Okay, this is playing.
Did I get down?
I can't see.
Okay, I think it's fine.
Okay, now let's go right here. Problem.
We have this lighting
the plane. It's not showing. Add this
plane. Make it up.
I think it's good. Now, let's go here
and go to volume post process volume.
This one
search for find
and bound
and go here to the exposure.
Let's
see
this one. Now let's just I think
Ctrl L